I'm going to take a bath.
So, so,
Ahaha, ahaha, ahaha,
Let's laugh together.
We are all friends.
We will be together.
When we are in love,
we will be together.
We will be together.
Let's laugh together.
Ahaha, ahaha, ahaha,
We are all friends.
We will be together.
When we are in love,
we will be together.
Bad insulted and
joyed,
we will current
but
bad
imbecile,
Macchi, could you laugh more like Ahaha?
Ahaha, ahaha, ahaha,
I see.
I read.
I heard
the le action,
we laughed together.
But the chicken is throwing it away
Don't lose 15
Let's laugh together
Ahaha, noha, noha, noha, ahaha
If you put out, the power of Japan will come out
First, the Oteji or the next to the next
Together with the heart, aim for victory
If you decide the stomach, ahaha, ahaha, ahaha
Let's laugh together
Ahaha, noha, noha, noha, ahaha